    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Hypertext Markup Language
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Gives the web meaning.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes give information about HTML elements. Placed in start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the most important headline on the page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a href & img src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <head>
    7. What is an id? 
        id attributes specifie an id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        There can only be one id for any element.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class holds more than uniquw item in HTML.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        HTML elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Only once 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        specify alternative text
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
         the section is a block of related elements. The div is a block of children elements.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling a website
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        the difference between ID and a class is that ID can only identify one element, but a class can identify more than one. You would use class to refer to maybe an entire section 
        while id would refer to a single item 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class {

        }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{

        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        it allows something to inheret traits from an parent element. it can be useful in making changes to only one generation and not all.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        specifies a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
         /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        ls 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
        every 20 min ish
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
     git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork, collab, clone, create branch, compare, review, merge



https://codepen.io/OKTOBR/pen/dyyVMeZ?editors=1100